New Minor Releases (VM Dynamic GasCosts, EIP-2681, Sepolia, various other) (#1640)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/client/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 0.3.0 - 2022-01-20

### New RPC Endpoints: eth_getLogs, eth_getTransactionReceipt and eth_getTransactionByHash

This release adds receipt and log saving functionality to the client. There has been a new database infrastructure laid out in PR [#1556](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1556) for data, caching and indexes.

A new `ReceiptsManager` handles receipt and log saving and lookup, along with the `txHash -> [blockHash, txIndex]` index that is limited by `--txLookupLimit` (default = 2350000 blocks = about one year, 0 = entire chain).

Enable with `--saveReceipts` and use with --rpc to enable `eth_getLogs`, `eth_getTransactionReceipt` and `eth_getTransactionByHash` endpoints.

### Sepolia PoW Testnet Support

> The client now support the new [Sepolia](https://sepolia.ethdevops.io/) testnet, which is a PoW network intended to replace the coming-to-ages `ropsten` network, see PR [#1581](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1581).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client now supports the new [Sepolia](https://sepolia.ethdevops.io/) testnet, which is a PoW network intended to replace the `ropsten` network, see PR [#1581](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1581).
```

Reviewer: didn't really understand what you meant by "coming-to-ages" 😄

Author: That's a direct translation of the german "in die Jahre kommen" which basically means "getting old". 😋 Might not exist in english. 😅
